Please fill the form on:

         -------------------------------------------------
         http://www.eumetsat.de/en/dps/helpdesk/tools.html
         -------------------------------------------------

to obtain the PublicDecomp source code.

#############################################################################

Licence Agreement for Public WaveLet Transform Decompression Library Software

CONDITIONS FOR USE OF THE 
 PUBLIC WAVELET TRANSFORM DECOMPRESSION LIBRARY SOFTWARE

The XXXXXX  ("the Licensee"), represented by YYYYYY, ZZZZZ, undertakes to
comply with the following conditions for use of the Public WaveLet Transform
Decompression Library ("the Software"):



1.
The Licensee shall use the Software only for the purpose of decompression of
SEVIRI HRIT files and shall not, directly or indirectly, use the Software for
any other purpose without EUMETSAT's prior written consent.

2.
The Licensee shall have the right to make copies of the Software for back-up
purposes but only within the context of the use defined in paragraph 1 above.
Any and all copies shall include EUMETSAT's copyright notice referred to in
paragraph 4 below.

3.
The Licensee acknowledges and shall at all times respect EUMETSAT's
intellectual property rights in the Software. EUMETSAT shall at all times
retain such intellectual property rights in the Software and in all and any
copies thereof regardless of form.

4.
The Licensee agrees when using the software in any recognisable form to name
EUMETSAT as the source by including "Â© (year) EUMETSAT".

5.
The Licensee shall not transfer, assign, sub-licence, reproduce or copy
the Software to any third party or part with possession of the Software
or any part thereof in any way whatsoever.

6.
It is noted that the algorithm of the Public WaveLet Transform Decompression
Library Software is under patent owned by PRIMACOMP.

7.
Except as provided for in paragraph 6 above, the Software is not subject to
any rights or claims of any third parties to the best of EUMETSAT's knowledge.
However, EUMETSAT does not accept liability in this respect, nor for any
consequences whether direct or indirect, of any use of the Software by the
Licensee.

8.
Nothing in this letter shall be construed as implying any fitness of the
Software for any use whatsoever and EUMETSAT can therefore not accept any
responsibility or liability for any such use nor for any maintenance of the
Software.

9.
The Licensee shall inform EUMETSAT in advance if any results of the use of the
Software (as is) are to be used for publication and a draft of such publication
shall be provided to EUMETSAT in a timely manner for its prior approval.

10.
The Licensee shall not assign this Licence in whole or in part to any third
party.

11.
Any default on the part of the Licensee of any of its obligations under this
Licence shall entitle EUMETSAT to cancel this Licence without notice, without
prejudice to its right to full damages.

12.
The laws of the Federal Republic of Germany shall apply to this Licence
Agreement.

#############################################################################
